Hey, good morning family, how are y'all doing?
I have a word for y'all today.
I've been uploading a prayer video this morning and it's been taking a long time.
I don't know what's going on with my computer, but it's taking over an hour and a half to upload it on YouTube.
Sorry about that; I tried to get you a video early this morning, and it's giving me a little trouble.
I'm going to make another video here because this is something that's on my heart and something that I personally walked through myself: can a Christian be oppressed by a devil?
I know a Christian cannot be possessed by a devil because once you are sealed with the Holy Ghost and He is in your spirit, a devil cannot possess your spirit.
But you have a mind, your will, and your emotions, and that's your soul.
In your soulish realm, you can attract demonic presences on your life; they attach to your body.
There are devils of cancer, diabetes, deafness, blindness—all kinds of demonic spirits attach themselves to your body through sickness.
Whenever I am praying and interceding, sometimes I will take authority over the devil of cancer.
When you start breaking off that devil of cancer or diabetes off of somebody, you can cast that devil off of them and tell that devil to leave whenever it's trying to hold onto their flesh through sickness and disease.
Sometimes a devil will come and oppress your mind, your will, and your emotions—your soulish realm—and attach itself to that area of your life.
You open doors of sin through alcohol, drugs, or pornography, which is a big open door.
Through sexual perversions and lust devils, they will come in and oppress your mind, your will, and your emotions.
Some people will say, 'I've been trying for years to get rid of this demonic attachment, this addiction to drugs or alcohol.
' There's a demon of alcoholism and drug addiction.
If you are continually trying to get over something and it keeps trying to attach itself to you—the Holy Spirit brought this to my attention and told me I need to address this.
Some people keep saying, 'I'm still going back to my sin.
I don't want to keep doing all this stuff; I am addicted to this.
' In almost 95% of cases, it is a demonic attachment to that person in that circumstance that keeps driving you to that.
Now, I know there are endorphins and brain chemistry involved with nicotine and things like that where your body needs to be detoxed, but there are demonic attachments that are attached to addictions.
So, we are going to address that today.
We're going to pray and believe for your deliverance from these demonic attachments, and I'm going to believe with you that the power of God is going to come through this camera and set you free.
It's like a little imp or a monkey on your shoulder that comes in there and tries to nestle in.
A demonic devil of sexual perversion tries to wrap a band around your mind; it's a spirit of heaviness and it actually is a tormenting spirit.
A lot of times it attaches itself through anxiety and depression.
The devil doesn't just come by himself; they always want a buddy.
They come in like a strongman and then try to bring in reinforcements around him to help reinforce that issue.
They'll bring in anxiety, depression, anger, and outburst issues.
You start freaking out in anger all the time.
They are lowlifes, so they don't want to pick on you by themselves; they bring their buddies and all their little critter friends and try to oppress you with that too.
You start having schizophrenic issues, all kinds of stuff; there are demonic attachments to it.
I'm just trying to help you all here.
When I lay hands on a person, the Lord will reveal to me if this is a spirit.
It's not just a cell that's acting up from eating badly; these rebellious cells like cancer are an actual demonic attachment.
We cast that devil out and curse that cancer to get off your body.
There are other people who keep going round and round the mountain with pornography or alcohol.
That devil is attached to your mind.
The Bible says you shall know the truth, and the truth will set you free.
You have got to get the word down inside of your heart.
In 2 Timothy 1:7, God has not given you a spirit of fear, but of power, and of love, and of a well-balanced mind.
Quote that and say, 'I have a balanced mind.
' Remember I told you about faith that calleth those things that be not as though they were?
You use that and operate that.
But like I said, when the devils try to attach onto you, you have to take it a step further and start attacking that demonic spirit in the spirit realm, saying, 'You have no right to be attached to me anymore.
' First, you've got to shut the door if you've opened it through sin.
If you cast that spirit out, it can go to the dry places and come back with a whole bunch more of its buddies to latch onto you if you don't fill yourself up with the word.
The Bible says it comes back to the house it came out of to see if it's swept and garnished—I believe that's the verbiage.
You've got to fill your temple with the word of God.
Do not let the devil have an inroad into your life.
If you go back to your sin like a dog to its vomit, that door is open.
Stop the sin.
Once you get free, you've got to fill yourself up with the word and meditate on it.
Quote those scriptures out of your mouth so that you stay free.
The Lord told me that expectation brings manifestation in your life.
What are you expecting?
Abraham staggered not at the promise of God but was fully persuaded.
He was expecting for his wife to conceive their son, the promised child Isaac.
He was fully persuaded that what God had promised, He was able also to perform it.
You have to be fully persuaded that what God has promised—deliverance, salvation—He is able to perform in your life.
Look at Judas.
He was a disciple who walked with the Lord every day for three years.
He opened the door for the devil to possess him; he sold Jesus for silver and then killed himself.
There was a demonic oppression there.
Ananias and Sapphira opened the door and the devil came in and robbed them.
Even whenever Jesus said to Simon, 'Get thee behind me, for you are an offense to me,' he told one of the disciples that he was being used by Satan.
There was an oppression there.
How many times do we just blow it off that the devil is able to come in through open doors to try to oppress people?
You don't have to have this oppression anymore.
James says, 'Submit yourself therefore unto God, resist the devil, and he will flee from you.
' You need to understand your covenant and what He took on the cross for you.
Resist it by being steadfast, being strong, and using your armor.
When the devil comes as a roaring lion whispering in your ear about the 'good times' you had in sin, say, 'No, devil, get thee behind me, Satan.
You are an offense to me.
I bind you in the name of Jesus; get out of here!
I plead the blood over my mind; I have a sound mind.
' Do not fall for the devil's tactics.
He tempts you to get you to open the door so he can oppress you, and then he's an accuser of the brethren.
He is here to destroy your life.
The wages of sin is death.
He has no access to your life until you open the door to him.
You belong to the Lord Jesus Christ.
But when you open the door, it's like opening the door to a pigpen; those pigs are going to run all into your house.
He'll rob you of your peace, your joy, your marriage, and your finances.
Malachi says the Lord rebukes the devourer for your sake when you tithe and give.
If you see a devourer eating your stuff up—your car, your refrigerator, or your water heater—the Lord will rebuke the devourer for your sake when you bring the tithes and offerings into the storehouse.
It's a covenant barrier; He puts up a wall so the enemy can't come in and rob you.
It's a hedge of blessing, an umbrella of blessing over your finances.
I believe in giving God 10% of my income to help His work.
Every seed produces after its own kind.
People argue about law and grace, but I'm a giver and a sower.
I want everything the Lord has for me.
Stand therefore; hold your ground and do not let the devil steal from you anymore.
Tithing does that.
When you open the door to sin, you open the door for the devourer.
I've told this story before: when I was a teenager opening the door for the devil while traveling with a major healing ministry, I was severely oppressed.
I had bad dreams, and my radio would turn on at night.
They wanted to admit me to an asylum because I tried to physically harm my mother several times.
There was a lot of demonic activity.
My dad went on a four-day fast, and when he came home, the devil that was oppressing me started manifesting and acting crazy.
My dad cast the devil out, and I vomited up a blob of mess that looked like a humongous gray tumor.
It popped in a towel, and it was nasty.
The crazy thing was that I had just eaten dinner, but none of that food came up; it was just this demonic blob.
Jesus set me free.
Some people mess around with psychic stuff, tarot cards, and witchcraft, thinking they can operate on the Christian side.
Those are familiar spirits.
Some of you are opening doors through soothsaying underneath Christianity, thinking you're talking to familiar spirits and telling people their futures.
That is pure witchcraft; it is demonic.
He comes as an angel of light to trick you.
If you keep opening the door for this, you're going to wake up in hell.
It is a demon that's talking to you.
Angels don't communicate like that unless it is a message sent from Jesus to instruct you.
There was a high priestess named Jennifer who got born again.
She was over several covens.
I was dealing with astral projection from people trying to astral project into my house.
She taught me things about how to plead the blood and combat the demonic through intercessory prayer.
Christians are often in la-la land about this.
Pastors don't talk about astral projection or learning your authority, pleading the blood of Jesus, and taking communion.
Why is the Body of Christ not teaching people how to use their authority to cast out devils?
Instead, we have pastors doing a 30-minute sermon about the Super Bowl.
They celebrate Halloween and let their kids go trick-or-treating, opening the door to satanic oppression.
Father, in the name of Jesus, we take authority over every demonic, oppressive spirit bothering my brothers and sisters.
We say, in the name of Jesus, they are free.
For whom the Son has set free is free indeed.
We break these spirits off of them by the power and the blood of Jesus.
We plead the blood as a hedge around that person right now.
Get off their minds!
Get out of their bodies!
Break off of them now in Jesus' name.
We command you to release God's property.
We send you to the dry places.
Angels of the Lord, come and make war against those demonic spirits of witchcraft, incantations, chants, voodoo, and spells.
We take our rightful place and tell the devil you're under our feet.
We break the spirit of addiction, suicide, depression, anxiety, and fear.
You are free from sickness, cancer, and diabetes.
We believe we receive by faith that the oppression is gone.
I just saw somebody who has been practicing witchcraft, and Jesus is setting you free right now.
You were in the occult, but you are no longer bound.
Throw away your charms, spell books, and occultic symbols.
Destroy them right now.
Do not keep that trash in your house.
Anoint your house with oil and put a bloodline around your house.
Get the tarot cards and Ouija boards out of your house!
Jesus is setting you free.
We plead the blood of Jesus right now over the mind, the will, and the emotions.
Say, 'Jesus, come into my heart.
I confess my sins before You.
' He is faithful and just to forgive you.
'Jesus, forgive me of my sins.
Write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life.
I belong to You now.
' Say, 'I'm saved!
I serve Jesus now!
' He is Lord over your life today.
That was really interesting, all the things I just saw.
I'll be praying for this individual today.
If that's you, you don't need to comment; it's nobody's business.
Thank you all for watching and subscribing.
Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Have a blessed Labor Day.